what's up guys Jay morning to kill and
I'm back here on destiny and today we're
gonna be taking a look inside of the
vault of glass on Venus wait what
Mac how the hell did you get inside of
the vault of glass on Venus well one of
my followers on Twitter actually taught
me how to glitch inside of the gate and
I'm gonna show you how to do it so the
vault of glasses entrance is this huge
circle that's out in the middle of the
ruins on Venus now we know for sure that
this is the Volt's entrance because if
you take a look at the over map on the
destination screen it's right smack dab
in the middle where this huge cylinder
has been I also was inside there yeah so
the vault is protected by a level 26
Praetorian asshole yeah you don't want
to watch out for him cuz he hurts now
you're gonna have a really tough time
try to take him out if you're not
leveled up past 20 then that's just the
bad news the good news is it's still
possible to get inside there if you're
under levelled by not fighting him the
really big problem with this is is that
he's really strong and he will 2-shot
you not to mention that he also
teleports right up next to you and
punches you in your shit like you're
Mike Tyson he don't give a fuck you're
gonna die a few times try to get in here
if you don't kill him so whether or not
you kill him
the process for breaching the wall is
the same you're gonna want to drive your
spero up to the left side of the gate
and you'll notice that the front lock
isn't actually attached to the back
portion of the gate so if you an go your
spero
- what do you dismount you're gonna get
glory holes suck through the wall that's
a that's a fun time for everybody so
inside the vault it's amazing look it is
a
really cool atmosphere to some music I
haven't heard before inside of the game
and there's a door puzzle
now Eric Osborne from Bungie was quoted
by saying that this raid is gonna take
you hours upon hours to complete and at
the door itself should take people
around 45 minutes to an hour to figure
out and that's where that's where you
guys come in this destiny community that
we're building here I want you guys to
come together and help us figure out
this door before the raid comes out
because I have a feeling that it's gonna
do something with this hole in the floor
in front of the door and these companion
cubes so I'm pretty sure that we could
figure this out together we could do it
let's do it for science
my name is Jay where do they ever kill
what a thank you guys for watching make
sure you guys really come and subscribe
if you could leave its thumbs up on the
video I highly appreciate it cuz it
gives me motivation to make more videos
for you motherfuckers that watch my
motherfucking videos before we end the
video I do want to say thank you to the
Destiny community for a huge outpour of
support that I've been receiving all my
videos lately yet you really yeah you
really touched me I'd like it if you
continue to touch me oh yeah touch me
baby all right
that's that's getting a little weird so
my name is Jay where the answer tell
thanks for watching thanks for
subscribing I'm gonna see you guys later
you
[Music]